HTTPHeaderDict bytes key handling (#3653)
urllib3/urllib3: changelog/3653.misc.rst

> Fixed HTTPHeaderDict so that byte-string header names were decoded, allowing retrieval and deletion via bytes keys.

Reviewer: Please rename the file to `3653.feature.rst`

> Fixed HTTPHeaderDict so that byte-string header names were decoded, allowing retrieval and deletion via bytes keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabled retrieval, deletion, and membership testing in ``HTTPHeaderDict`` using bytes keys.
```
